1, What is the following statement of t-distribution is right?

The t-distribution is always centered at zero
The t-distribution’s tails are thiner than the normal distribution’s
When we have more observations, the degree of freedom will be smaller
The smaller the degrees of freedom, the less closely the distribution to the normal model
None of them is right



2 In the following two plots, the left plot has a sample (n=15), the right plot has a sample (n=50).
Which one is satisfied for the normality condition?

Left
Right
Both
None of them
Can not know


3 In the following plot, which one has the largest degree of freedom?

The blue curve
The red curve
The dark green curve
The light green curve
None of them

4 A class has 16 students, in an exam, the score of whole class has following result:  s= 2.4, mean=61, minimum score:52, maximum: 89. What is the degree of freedom of the exam result?

15
16
17
18
19

5 A class has 16 students, in an exam, the score of whole class has following result:  s= 2.4, mean=61, minimum score:52, maximum: 89. What is the SE of the exam result?

0.6
0.7
0.8
0.9
1


6 In a one-mean hypothesis test, if the p-value is smaller than the 5%, that means:

The sample fits perfect to the H0 (Nullhypothese)
HA (Hypothese alternative) is absolutely right
HA (Hypothese alternative) is most likely right
That is the evidence for the H0 (Nullhypothese)
None of them is right


7 Here we want to find out a question, is the man in general have opener character than the women. We set up a t-test and make the hypothesis, H0: Man and women have no difference. HA : Man and women have big difference. If the result is: t score=1.35, p=0.91. what can we know about this research?

Man and women have no big difference 
Man and women have big difference for sure
Man and women have small difference 
Nothing can we conclude
None of them is right


8  Which the following statement about paired data is right?

To analyze a paired data set, we simply analyze the difference
If the data is not independent, we can still use t-test to analyze
If the size of two dataset are not same, we can not pair them
Two sets of observations are paired if each observation in one set has a special correspondence or connection with many other observations in the other data set.
None of them is right


9  What is not the condition on the data before performing ANOVA?


The size of the groups must be equal
The observations are independent within and across groups
The data within each group are nearly normal
The variability across the groups is about equal
None of them


10  What is the difference between ANOVA test and t-test?
The t-test is a method that determines whether two populations are statistically different from each other, whereas ANOVA determines three or more populations
The observations of ANOVA must be independent while t-test not
The data of ANOVA within each group are nearly normal while t-test not
ANOVA test is more accurate than t-test
No difference


11 
12
13
14
15